Prayer:

Sign of the Cross. Act of Contrition

My God, I am sorry for my sins with all my heart. In choosing to do wrong and failing to do good, I have sinned against you whom I should love above all things. 

I firmly intend, with your help, to do penance, to sin no more, and to avoid whatever leads me to sin.

Our Savior Jesus Christ suffered and died for us. In his name, my God, have mercy.

FIRST MYSTERY

Jesus is conceived by the Holy Spirit of the Virgin Mary.

Meditation: The Holy Spirit shall come upon thee and the power of the Most High shall overshadow thee. There the Holy One to be born shall be called the Son of God (Luke 11:35).
Prayers: One Our Father and Hail Mary; seven Glory be to the Father.

SECOND MYSTERY

The Spirit of the Lord rests upon Jesus.

Meditation: When Jesus was baptized, He immediately came up from the water. And behold, the heavens were opened to Him, and He saw the Spirit of God descending as a Dove and coming upon Him. (Matthew 3:16).
Prayers: One Our Father and Hail Mary; seven Glory be to the Father.

THIRD MYSTERY

Jesus is led by the Spirit into the desert.

Meditation: Now Jesus, full of the Holy Spirit, returned from the Jordan, and was led by the Spirit about the desert for forty days, being tempted the while by the devil (Luke 4:11).
Prayers: One Our Father and Hail Mary; seven Glory be to the Father.

FOURTH MYSTERY

The Holy Spirit in the Church.

Meditation: Suddenly there came a sound from heaven, as of a violent wind blowing, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak of the wonderful works of God. (Acts 2:2, 4, 11).
Prayers: One Our Father and Hail Mary; seven Glory be to the Father.

FIFTH MYSTERY

The Holy Spirit in the souls of the Just.

Meditation: Or, do you not know that your members are the temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you? Do not extinguish the Spirit. And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God in whom you were sealed for the day of redemption (I Cor. 6-19; I Thess. 5:19; Eph. 4:30).
Prayers: One Creed, Our Father, Hail Mary; seven Glory be to the Father.



